The super typhoon
made landfall at midnight
and has rapidly weakened.
Authorities have lifted
the Level 1 emergency response.
The typhoon has passed.
How are the production platforms?
Investigation completed.
Wells 1. 2. and 3 are in good condition.
Wells 4 and 5's submarine pipelines
sustained damage.
We've sent people to investigate.
What is that?
Looks like an unmanned underwater vehicle.
Is it our navy's?
Doesn't seem like it.
Get it lifted up immediately.
then notify Command.
Frog-0 on lower deck.
Frog-1 on top deck.
Chief. the package
is located north of Platform Delta.
Frog-1 heading to the control center.
Copy. Frog-0 proceeding
to search and contain.
Hey. you!
Don't move!
Get down!
On the floor!
-Get down!
-Do as he says!
Down! Now!
The control center is locked down.
Chief. we're at the comm system.
Bomb set. ready!
We're on the main deck.
En route to package.
Landing on the main deck. at your six.
Hey. you!
Get back!
Down! Get down!
Visual on package.
Gather all hostages on the third deck.
Initiate connection with Mother.
Prepare for data transmission.
Package in connection.
Contact the FOB. We're sending it now.
Captain. we've arrived
in the S-47 sea area.
We can't get in touch with the platform.
but a multi-encrypted signal
was intercepted on the maritime channel.
The transmitter came from the platform.
Judging by the transmission.
the receiver is within 15 nautical miles.
Contact the Yanshan.
Yes. sir.
Comms. contact the Yanshan.
This is 01.
We intercepted an encrypted message
from the Shenlan 3.
We suspect that the receiver is out
in the high seas.
03. investigate this immediately.
Level 1 battle stations!
Yes. sir! Level 1 battle stations!
-Level 1 battle stations!
Ahead 3.
Set course 120.
Down bubble 5 degrees.
Dive to 200 m.
Chief. they've sent a bird.
Hey. geeks. Progress?
40%. Chief.
It's getting closer.
Back to rally.
Inform the Jiaolong
to get ready to board the platform.
Attention. everyone.
To avoid the risk of oil tube penetration.
everyone switch to low-penetration rounds.
Make sure to assess
the environment before firing.
Heli 05 will be responsible
for reconnaissance and baiting the enemy.
Go!
Heli 05 is baiting the enemy.
The bird is too close!
60%. The data is too heavy.
We're out of time. boys.
Eight armed militants spotted on Well 4.
Three of them are on the middle deck.
They have hostages.
likely platform workers.
There are five targets on the top deck.
The rest of the wells are secure.
Luo. find high ground for cover.
Everyone else is with me.
Use Well 2 as cover.
Our target is Well 4.
-Copy that!
Assault team has landed on Well 2.
Sniper team has landed on Well 5.
Assault team ready
to move to the third deck.
Sniper team is in position.
The bridge is clear. Proceed.
Xu. Ding. take the top deck.
Everyone else. follow me.
Wait for me to rescue
the hostages before shooting.
Roger. We're on track.
Two targets on the right.
Captain. two targets spotted on the left.
Two targets on the south side of the deck.
Two spotted on the west side.
Xu. lock onto the targets.
Stand by for instructions.
Everyone. get ready.
Get ready.
Contact on both sides!
Captain. Ling is down!
Tong. go help them!
Xu. go!
Contact! They came
from the starboard side!
Ding! Are you okay?
All good!
Terminate the link!
Frog-2. target shifting to right flank.
Evac!
Luo. they're preparing to evacuate!
Move! Go!
Tong. free the hostages!
Copy!
Luo. the targets
are moving in your direction.
Move. goddamn it. move!
-Frog-4. blow it up. now!
-Over there!
Move out! Go!
Ding. don't go!
-Cover me!
-Yes. sir!
Captain. they've detonated the UUV.
Captain. what's your position?
North side of the third floor.
Fall back. now!
Get the FOB. We're coming back.
Captain. bearing 320.
We've found a noise signal.
Keep listening with the sonar.
Navigator. mark the target's position.
Sonar has been detected.
Five-blade propeller.
revolution speed 243.
Analysis shows that
it is a small transport vehicle.
05 report. now launching active sonar.
Get us out of here! Now!
Transport vehicle located.
Deploy electromagnetic jamming.
Target ceased maneuvering.
They're coming up.
Report the target's bearing.
Target bearing 330.
Torpedo launch noise detected!
Bearing 048.
Approximate distance 15 cables.
The enemy has a submarine.
-Battle stations!
-Yes. sir! Battle stations!
Battle stations!
The torpedo is targeting
the transport vehicle.
The transport vehicle has been hit.
Ahead 3. set course 048.
Head towards the torpedo's firing position
and find the target submarine.
-Combat sub team. get ready!
-Yes. sir!
Compt 1. prepare Launch Tubes 1 and 2
for wire-guided torpedoes!
Preparing Launch Tubes 1 and 2
Countermeasure weapons are ready.
Enhance sonar listening
and stand by for combat!
-Yes. sir!
Depth 270 m.
Noise signal detected!
Bearing 080.
Reduce speed to 6 knots.
Set course 080.
Sonar. classify target.
The system is analyzing.
Target has a seven-blade propeller.
revolution speed at 80.
Sonar system analysis completed.
Analysis shows a Shadow Class submarine.
Acquire the target submarine's
acoustic signature data.
Roger. Acquire the target submarine's
The target acoustic signature data
is accurate.
Enemy bearing 030. speed 10 knots.
Captain. launch with caution.
We cannot allow them to fire a second one.
Compile firing control solutions.
Target length is 150 m.
Torpedo depth set to 300 m.
Speed 36 knots.
Set non-contact mode.
Position the propellers.
Force them to surface.
Torpedo noise detected!
Torpedo bearing is unchanged!
It's heading straight for us!
Launch Tube 1 is ready!
Launch Tube 1.
Fire!
-Prepare the decoys!
-Yes. sir! Preparing the decoys!
Enemy torpedo bearing 073!
Contact in 150 seconds!
Decoys are ready!
Launch the decoys!
Ahead 3. down bubble 13 degrees.
Dive to 330 m for emergency evasion.
Yes. sir!
Torpedo is closing in on us!
The enemy torpedo has been diverted.
Our missile detected the target.
Contact in 60 seconds.
The target is diving.
Contact in 40 seconds.
The target's signal vanished.
Target has entered
the thermocline shadow zone.
Captain.
they're gone.
Set course 050. down bubble 10 degrees.
Dive to 400 m.
Cut loose the torpedo.
Torpedo wire is off.
Captain. if we keep chasing.
we will enter Phlegethon's Waters.
Captain. ahead is an active lava field.
Navigator.
calculate the hydrographic factors
of Phlegethon's Waters.
Yes. sir.
Hydrographic factors
data measurement completed.
The sea temperature is 10 degrees.
Seawater density is 1.0372.
Current heading 200 degrees.
speed 1.2 knots.
The sea area conditions
of the hydrological system are stable.
Attention. everyone.
We are about to enter dangerous waters.
Maintain damage control readiness
at all times.
Lock onto the target
when it leaves the thermocline.
Yes. sir.
380 m.
390 m.
We have left the thermocline.
Sonar. status report?
400 m.
Be ready to fire Launch Tube 2.
Launch Tube 2 is ready.
Did the sonar detect anything?
There's too much environmental noise.
Target found!
Bearing 061.
Launch Tube 2. fire!
Firing torpedo.
Target detected. contact in 50 seconds.
Two noise signals have appeared.
Target 1. bearing 058.
Target 2. bearing 065.
It's a self-propelled decoy!
Captain. contact in 30 seconds.
Which one do we hit?
Cao. give me an answer!
COMPOSITE 1
Attack Target 1!
VESSEL 065
No sound of twisting metal was detected.
Damn it!
Be ready to launch Tube 3!
Captain. the decoy's hit.
but that bogey's still on our tail.
Comms. contact the base. Unleash the fury.
-Down bubble 10 degrees. dive to 1.400 ft.
Aye. sir.
Velocity gradient of sound
is rapidly changing.
Approximate bearing 118.
heavy noise detected from the seabed.
There's a rapid change in water flow.
The undercurrent
is approximately 20 cables away.
It will hit us in 60 seconds.
It's a volcanic eruption.
Ahead 5. 10 degrees stern down.
ascend to 160 m.
-Avoid the undercurrent.
-Yes. sir!
Don't turn back!
Maintain the current angle.
-Maintain within 12 degrees.
-Yes. sir!
There's a sea mount at bearing 010!
Brace for impact!
Hold tight!
OCEANOGRAPHY EXPO
Those at the back.
move up!
Come to the middle!
Those at the back. move up!
Three. two. one.
-Cheese!
-Which university are you guys from?
-We are from Ocean University.
Over here. We have a captain
who graduated from your school.
It's this State of Siekerman again.
They hired a team of mercenaries.
intruded on our waters and the platform.
and even eliminated witnesses.
Shenlan 3 has salvaged
a military listening submersible.
They stole our submarine's
acoustic signature data
and navigation trajectory.
This is outrageous.
They have repeatedly
provoked the Asia-Pacific region
by instigating incidents.
We can no longer tolerate this.
While we pursued.
the enemy fired a torpedo at the Lansha.
How did the Lansha respond?
They also fired a torpedo.
but neither side hit their target.
The enemy fled to Phlegethon's Waters.
and the Lansha continued to chase.
They encountered a volcanic eruption
and crashed into the sea mount.
What's the situation with Lansha?
The hull integrity is still unknown.
For now. we only know
there are minor injuries among the crew.
They are en route back.
If it weren't for the explosion.
I would've had them pinned down easily.
Dude. you're too good at bullshitting.
Who's good at bullshitting?
I'll pin you down right now.
Ding!
-Yes. sir.
-Over here.
Just you wait.
How did you answer me
when I asked you if you were okay?
All good.
No!
Answer me again with the same attitude!
All good!
Do you think you're cool?
Gather yourself.
Yes. sir.
The shooting assessment
is to complete 36 targets
within the designated time.
What do you think of these two new guys?
Not bad.
Ready.
Get set.
Qin.
I thought you were
the only one who could make the cut.
I didn't expect him
to be able to match you.
He really got it done quickly.
0.43 seconds.
This record won't hold forever.
Next event. close combat.
The rule is.
whoever gets stabbed three times
or falls outside the circle loses.
Captain.
Can I choose you?
You don't get to choose.
All right.
No problem.
First stab!
Second stab!
Out!
ANTI-SUBMARINE WARFARE COMMAND POST
According to high-level intel.
the State of Siekerman
dispatched the latest.
Hunter Class nuclear submarine. the Abyss.
to execute a top-secret project. Stellar.
It also mentions several prominent cities
in the Asia-Pacific region.
Based on previous intel
on the Hunter Class submarine.
its sonar capabilities
and stealth technology
have advanced to a new level
compared to before.
There is a generational difference
between our submarines and theirs.
It's also hard to search and counter it.
The order from above is
to dispatch the Longjing
to execute this investigative mission.
This is also an opportune time
to test the Longjing.
AUTOMATIC ANALYSIS
Which one is the submarine?
Cao. give me the answer!
NO MATCH FOUND
The decoy uses new technology.
I performed a 3D slicing analysis
of the acoustic signature.
Even the frequency bands
show no distinguishing features.
I have to parse it manually
on an off-system frequency.
It doesn't seem like you've got it.
Everyone says he's got golden ears.
but it looks like he's not
as good as they say.
Be careful. AI might replace you.
Keep it up.
Go back first.
Don't work too late.
I remember 20 years ago.
on my first mission as a captain.
you sent me off with this song right here.
You're using the same one this time too.
I am satisfied
with coming full circle.
What's full circle to you?
I reported that I'll go back
to teach at the academy
and pass on my insights.
So you've got it all figured out.
Did you keep this
from the general science
head class back then?
Chairman Mao said
that nuclear submarines must be produced
even with 10.000 years' effort.
On December 26th. 1970.
our country's first nuclear submarine.
Changzheng 1. was officially launched.
Do you remember what vows
and what bet we made
when we saw it?
Who gets on the sub first?
And who's going to be captain first?
You won the bet.
Aren't you even better?
You're my leader now.
Your leader disagrees with your request.
So am I not allowed to teach?
The superior has ordered
that you be the captain of the Longjing
for the new mission.
Haven't you and your crew
completed the sea trials
and the combat drills?
Don't make me look down on you.
I heard you've played basketball
since you were a kid.
Let's play when we get a chance.
Let's do it.
How should we play?
I'm down for full court or half court.
One-on-one and teams are also fine.
You might not even get
to touch the ball when we play.
Don't get too excited.
Who knows what'll happen
when we're on the submarine?
We're going on the Longjing.
How can I not be excited?
Ding.
Don't forget what you said last time.
Let's see what you've got this time.
What did I say?
It's the same every time.
We can't drop our guard.
-What's happening today? This isn't you.
-Exactly.
Cao. why are you still here?
Don't you have a mission today?
Everybody. pay attention.
Keep them balanced.
Everybody. hurry up!
Unload your gear.
Go!
The third superconducting magnetic torpedo
is loaded onto the shelf.
-Examine Tube 8.
-Yes. sir.
The examination of Tube 5
has been completed.
Jiaolong Commando Unit. Meng.
Reporting with 13 team members
and awaiting your orders.
Execute the mission as planned.
Yes. sir.
Master.
The two of us
can finally have a mission together.
It's a rare chance.
Has it been more than six months?
How is the recovery coming along?
Nerve injury.
My face can't feel anything anymore.
You look like you don't care about it.
I should find you a clinic
for face touch-ups.
All right.
Let's go together.
I'll get a skin polishing.
and you'll get whitening.
Get ready.
Yes. sir.
Test the breather valves and sea valves.
Testing Breather Valve 1.
Valve 1 is operational.
Drain Ballast Tank 1 for three seconds.
-Hey.
-An.
Three-second drain procedure completed.
-An is here.
-Yes.
This new submarine is indeed different.
The space is way bigger than the Lansha.
Yes. you won't hit
your head on the ceiling
like a bobblehead anymore!
I'll get him his fixer.
All right. go ahead.
Remember to water it.
Okay.
An. is this for us?
Yes. I'll leave it here.
Niu. where do I put these apples?
-Leave them here.
-All right.
I stored the milk in the storage.
-A box of apples. right?
-Yes. a box of apples.
Okay.
Niu. brand new kitchenware.
Niu. keep the noise down.
Remember that the new submarine
is very quiet when it is underway.
You need to keep it down when you cook
because the noise may expose our position.
Flipping the wok is the soul of cooking.
Just let me have some fun
before we start the mission.
Hey. An.
come and help!
I'm giving away some sprouts.
I will help you later.
Thank you.
Remember to water it.
An.
What is that?
-I'm giving away some sprouts.
-Can you save one for me?
-Sure.
-See you later.
How did it go?
Still nothing after a whole night?
Let me help you.
This is for you. It's for good luck.
I don't need to rely on luck.
Give it to them.
We don't need it either!
Chief Engineer. this is for you.
Thank you.
Look. my plants thrive under my care.
Not bad.
-Nan.
-I'm coming.
-Captain.
-Commissar.
Secure the watertight hatch.
All compartments
undergo a pre-departure system test.
Activate the sonar system
and initiate the test preparation.
Test the elevator.
rudder. and bridge functions.
The elevator. rudder.
and bridge are functioning normally.
Instructions from above.
We'll be tracking
the State of Siekerman's latest submarine.
the Phantom.
They are in operation for Project Stellar.
a top-secret military plan.
The destination is either north
of Snow Chime Island Naval Base
or south of Lomica Naval Base.
The target will pass
through the S-107 sea area
between 1330 and 1430 hours
on the 8th.
According to the records. these two paths
will lead to the two bases.
We still don't know
the capabilities of the sonar detection
on the Hunter Class submarine.
Chief Engineer.
we will use this opportunity
to test the silence capability
of the superconducting
MHD propulsion system.
Yes. sir.
Navigator.
establish a defensive position
in the sea mount range.
Deploy flow field detectors
into both courses.
Jiaolong. several islands
are near the target base.
Establish a plan for landing on the island.
Chief. the Lansha
detection results are out.
Nuclear radiation readings
were detected on the starboard hull.
It contains Pu-239
at a weapon-grade concentration level.
We believe the volcanic eruption
was not a natural event.
Admiral Walter.
almost set to board the Abyss.
Abyss. this is Kraken 2.
Kraken 2. read you loud and clear.
Kraken 2 is touching down.
Permission to dock in one mike.
Copy that. Permission granted.
XO. inform Eagle One Naval Base
we have received Admiral Walter.
Aye. Captain.
Show these men to the resting area.
-If you could follow me. sir.
-Hang on.
You two come with me.
Yes. sir.
I was thinking.
when was the last time we saw one another?
It must be over ten years now.
Look at us now.
-Not bad for a couple of farm boys.
-Hey.
The conservative scumbags
are lobbying Congress
to freeze Project Stellar.
Have you heard about it?
Yeah. I heard something about it.
What's your take on it?
Well.
with all due respect. Admiral.
I have never agreed with this plan.
Undoubtedly.
it can severely cripple our competitors
in the Asia-Pacific region.
However. the consequences
are far too dangerous.
Its effects on the ecological system
would be absolutely devastating.
Well. I cannot agree. Captain.
Think about it.
The ecosystem is already
being destroyed on a daily basis. right?
The air you breathe.
the water you drink.
even that food on your plate right there.
It's being destroyed.
Those countries have
always ignored our status.
and we must change the outcome
to show the world our power.
We have far better ways
to contain our opponents.
and we're not at a point
where we have no other choice yet.
War is war.
The fact is.
no one negotiates with the weak.
We must strike first. That's it.
Okay. I'm sorry.
I'm going to have to stop you there.
I guess we'll have to agree to disagree.
Current time. 1430 hours.
The expected arrival time has passed.
but the target has not shown up.
Captain.
could the intel be inaccurate?
Let's wait for another 20 minutes.
Yes. sir.
There are whales.
Two whales.
Four whales.
Two big and two small.
Blue whales.
Are you that accurate?
Captain!
Detector 1 is picking up
traces of a submarine!
Target bearing 023.
Set course. depth 360 m.
Is that our target?
Follow first.
Battle alert!
Battle stations!
Mid-deck. set general quarters!
-Battle stations!
Compt 4. set general quarters!
-Compt 3. set general quarters!
-Compt 1. set general quarters!
Set general quarters!
Switch to the MHD propulsion system!
Sir. rim-drive propulsion
has ceased functioning.
Superconducting MHD
propulsion system activated.
Target meets the intersection.
Enemy speed 6 knots.
It has passed us.
Navigator. track a course
and approach port side.
Sonar. listen and judge conditions.
Yes. sir.
What's the environmental noise level?
Environmental noise level 100.
self-noise 90.
Speed up to 10 knots.
Move closer to the target.
Yes. sir.
Self-noise report.
Self-noise 95.
Self-noise 97.
Captain. we're about
to be exposed. Reduce speed.
Target noise detected.
Reduce speed to 6 knots.
Bearing 315.
Elevation angle of 10 degrees.
-Keep eyes on them.
-Yes. sir.
There is no matching acoustic signature
in the database.
It's an unknown submarine.
That's our target.
Any distinctive maneuvers?
Negative. course and speed are steady.
They haven't noticed us yet.
Record data.
DATA MATCH
The undercurrent speed
has increased. Speed 4 knots.
Abnormal noise detected.
What is it?
Any distinctive maneuvers from the target?
Negative.
Bearing 268.
Elevation angle of 60 degrees.
There is a landslide!
Full right rudder!
Activate the port side pump injection!
Compt 1.
Electromagnetic Launch Tubes 3 and 4.
Prepare the wire-guided torpedoes.
Commander. contact! Bearing 135!
Set general quarters. Battle stations.
Activate anti-sonar.
The target noise signal
suddenly disappeared.
Compt 6. deactivate superconducting
MHD thruster immediately.
Sir. can't find the target.
Nav. track their last position
to determine their course.
Proceed to base.
Aye. sir.
Captain. based on
the enemy's last known position.
it's heading to Snow Chime Island.
We can't wait for the next pickup point.
We must request orders immediately.
Launch the underwater
communications drone.
Where is the closest shore station?
Hongxia.
WATER TEMPERATURE.
WIND DIRECTION. BRIGHTNESS. VISIBILITY
All hands.
prepare to breach
the Snow Chime Island base.
I'll brief you on
the island landing strategy.
We'll split into two teams.
To ensure security.
we will set our comms to low power.
but this will affect
the transmission range.
The comms operator should
depart earlier to set a relay station
on the central ridge.
I think it would be faster for Comms
to land here and head to the ridge.
No way.
The cliff exceeds 90 degrees
with a height of 45 m.
Climbing would be very difficult.
Even with a climber. it is very dangerous.
But if it's faster.
it doesn't matter if it's dangerous.
Being able to gain more time
is more important in this mission.
I can be responsible for this position.
Deputy Captain.
I think what you said is a problem.
but the location of the cliff
is still worth considering.
We will discuss
the personnel issues later.
Okay.
Captain. I have something to say.
Sit.
You have a problem with me.
I do not have a problem with you.
You are the one with a problem.
Correct.
I was raised
by my dad's killer for ten years.
kept in the dark for a decade.
You don't think
I'd have a problem with that. Captain?
That's why when you left.
Dad didn't dare make you stay.
Dad's guilt
was never assuaged
ever since the day
of the accident.
Pirates!
Hide yourself!
They're down there!
Go catch them!
Hurry!
Han!
Accident?
Who has the final say?
I know you're heartbroken inside.
And I also know that
you don't want to accept this reality.
Dad could have buried the past.
but he didn't.
He never expected you to forgive him.
Believe it
or not.
The truth is. it was an accident.
And about the mission.
I am the captain. I get the final say.
Fine.
All I ask for is equality.
Equality!
That's all.
Any message. Comms?
Sir. we received a Class A
encrypted telegram from HQ.
Back to work.
Is there something wrong. sir?
Admiral Walter and his escort
intend to launch a mutiny.
We've been ordered by HQ
to arrest and detain them
before proceeding with our mission.
Notify WEPS.
Be sure not to alert the others.
Organize a group of off-duty sailors.
Go to the armory. Get them armed.
Put them on standby
and ready to apprehend the Thunderwaves.
I'll join you to detain Walter.
Lead team. flank the galley.
Everyone else. breach on my mark.
In position.
Well. I never would have imagined
you'd turn out to be a traitor.
-Don't move!
-Get on the ground!
Hands! Show me your hands!
Thunderwaves. now!
Fall back!
Chief. Hongxia station
received a call from the Longjing.
Speak.
"Our submarine successfully
acquired the target."
But the target detected us and fled.
We believe it's heading
to Snow Chime Island.
We are tracking its route.
"Requesting guidance
for the next course of action."
How far is Snow Chime Island
from Phlegethon's Waters?
Less than 30 nautical miles.
Chief. urgent message from superiors.
This is Fang.
We have just received intel.
Project Stellar is
a devastating weapon developed years ago.
The State of Siekerman
originally intended to suspend it.
but there's been a mutiny
aimed at forcibly activating it.
Based on all available information.
it is likely the project
is in Phlegethon's Waters.
The second squad's break
will end in five minutes.
Rest time has concluded.
Back to work stations.
It's back.
Receiving the drone.
Superiors believe that
the volcanic eruption was unnatural.
And Phlegethon's Waters
is closely connected to Project Stellar.
We've been ordered to investigate.
Unless it's a last resort.
the Longjing can't enter
the volcanic area.
If they attack. we'll strike back.
We need to avoid
the northern active volcanic area.
It appears it is safe to enter
from the southeast side.
Ready the unmanned underwater vehicle.
Start a terrain scan.
Set the depth to 100 m.
range one nautical mile.
Admiral.
our boys are still unable
to breach their defenses.
Miller escaped in the UCC.
He has the Project Stellar
control board with him.
XO. UCC located.
Bearing 310. heading towards Phantom.
Captain.
Captain Miller.
What's happening down there?
The base is under attack.
It's a mutiny attempt by Admiral Walter.
The bad news is he's got the Abyss.
and he could be anywhere right now.
We gotta move.
Abyss. this is Admiral Walter.
I have been authorized
to initiate the Stellar project
and to make
the entire world fear our power.
Unfortunately. prior to boarding.
our CO. Captain George. colluded
with the Phantom to stage a mutiny
and refused to carry out the mission.
The Phantom has even taken
the activation device.
Fortunately. the Thunderwaves have
successfully subdued Captain George.
Now we must move immediately
to intercept the Phantom.
Disobeying a military order
is not only a crime.
it is an act of treason.
-Aye. sir!
Base on the Abyss
sent us a message earlier.
They should have our location.
Set general quarters to battle stations!
Captain. best you head aft.
Copy that.
Inform the North Base.
We have retrieved
the Stellar control board
and Captain Miller.
Aye. sir.
Captain.
Bearing 288. we detect encrypted messages.
60 cables away.
Located on the southeast side
of Phlegethon's Waters.
It's a dormant volcanic area.
Notify the code talker.
Yes. sir.
XO. we've just located the Phantom.
Bearing 230!
Forward room.
prepare two wire-guided torpedoes.
Target the Phantom's propeller
and conning tower.
We have two torpedoes incoming!
Bearing 315. They're coming in fast!
Contact in 30 seconds!
Salvo two groups of LNM.
Aye. sir.
Sir. Abyss located!
Max the active sonar config
and take them down.
Remove the Abyss IFF system!
Tube 5. Tube 6 filling in progress!
Tube 5. Tube 6 ready to fire. sir!
Contact in 15 seconds!
Fire!
Bearing 075. picked up
noises of two explosions. 50 cables away.
There are metal distortion sounds.
Switch to superconducting MHD now!
Set course 075 to the explosion site.
Battle stations!
Yes. sir.
Cobra.
tell Lark to head straight
to the volcanic zone.
Tyson. take a team. board the Phantom.
retrieve the package.
Once you have control.
transmit the code to the Abyss
and bring the package back to the base.
Aye. sir.
Set the detonation time for two hours.
All right. Gallow. we'll go to the base.
Yes. sir.
Captain Miller. can you hear me?
Captain Miller!
Have you saved Captain Miller yet?
Not yet. sir.
Sir. a vessel docked with us!
Eagle. Wolverine. forward compartment.
You others. follow me to the rear.
Move!
We are 7 cables away
from the explosion site.
Ahead 1.
Enter low-speed cruise mode.
UUV. approach the target.
Reached target. Disabling scan.
Captain. we found something.
This is a Shadow Class attack submarine.
It has been sunk.
The exterior is not ruptured.
but there might be damage
to the ballast tanks.
Mayday! Phantom 755 hit!
We are under attack!
Distress signal detected from bearing 075!
Gunfire heard.
Prepare countermeasure weapons.
Enhance sonar listening.
Yes. sir.
Maintain 5 cables of distance
from the wreck.
Yes. sir.
Captain. the enemy's encrypted messages
have been decrypted.
Captain. this is Meng.
We've decrypted the enemy's messages.
Admiral Walter has commandeered the Abyss
and intends to initiate Project Stellar.
The activation device
is in the wrecked submarine.
currently held by Captain Miller.
Jiaolong needs to board the vessel
to stop Walter and his men
from seizing the device.
Rescue any survivors encountered.
Copy.
Assault team. go on 12. I'll lead.
11 will be led by Captain
as the supporting team.
Prepare for engagement.
We must locate Captain Miller.
who has the device.
before the enemy seizes it.
Keep in frequent communication
with your team.
Do you understand?
-Understood.
Proceed.
Take care of Han.
Don't worry.
12 watertightness check completed.
Magnetic control device in position.
Preparing for pressure boost
water injection.
Pressure boost completed.
11 in position. All crew on board.
They are inside!
Breach the door. Now!
Have you saved Captain Miller?
Almost there.
Captain Miller. are you hurt?
Get back to our UCC. now!
Go. move it!
Go! Move!
Captain. 12 ready to connect with the sub.
DOCKING PORT CONNECTED
Go.
Done.
Clear.
It's full of seawater.
Ready to lower the rope ladder.
Release it.
In position.
Check and bring spare gas cylinders.
Tong. go with Qin to the upper deck.
Everyone else. to the lower deck with me.
Everyone. stay aware of the time.
Captain. Deputy Captain
has disembarked to check.
Captain. the damage
is too severe in the sub.
We can't go in using regular scuba gear.
Remember. you only have 30 minutes.
Understood.
The signal is good.
Attention. everyone.
Two armed torpedoes in the sub.
It could explode at any time.
Mayday! Phantom 755
requiring immediate assistance.
Qiu. contact left! I'm pinned down.
Captain!
The torpedo has been fired!
There's a torpedo!
Bearing 060.
SONAR TRANSMISSION SYSTEM
The torpedo is headed for us.
Contact in 60 seconds.
Ahead 4. full left rudder!
Emergency evacuation!
Anti-torpedo torpedo. Fire!
The torpedo is too close.
The ATT has entered IFF range.
It's going to fail.
Fifty seconds until contact.
Fire magnetic sea mines!
Twenty seconds!
Fifteen seconds!
Captain!
Explosion sounds from 01!
Ballast tank balance compromised.
Bow tilt angle is increasing.
Gas drainage
for the bow ballast water tank.
Negative. system failure!
There's a cliff 100 m ahead!
Brace for impact!
Xu. the activated torpedo went after 01.
We need to go back to check.
Keep watch on the time!
What's the situation?
Some are injured.
Bring them to the infirmary!
-Old Shi. hang in there!
-Quick!
Lift him up.
Slowly.
Attention. everyone.
-This is the captain.
-Are you okay?
Report the status of each compartment.
Compt 7 is in normal condition.
Compt 8 has two injured.
Equipment status is normal.
Torpedo loading system failure in Compt 1.
Three were injured.
including the weapons officer.
Aid team. go help Compts 1 and 8.
-XO Zhou.
-Yes. sir.
-Go inspect the rear compartment.
-On it!
Report on the status
of countermeasure weapons.
Magnetic sea mine launcher
and decoy sustained damage.
Only Forward Launch Tubes 2 and 8
are functioning.
Also. only one ATT left.
Navigator. what's the status
of the electronic chart?
Working normally.
Load the UUV into Tube 2.
01. this is 11.
11. this is 01. over.
Captain. what's your situation?
The submarine's power system has failed.
The enemy may have the ability
to track our position.
but our current geography
is hostile to sonar monitoring.
I need you to deploy
the flow field detector on high ground.
then check the starboard hull.
Copy.
Nuclear reactor cooling system failure!
The cooling pipeline is unable
to function properly.
Captain. the reactor
core temperature is rising.
Once it reaches 1.200 degrees.
there's a risk of core exposure.
It will trigger the protection mechanism
to force a shutdown.
01. Please confirm receipt. over.
11. this is 01. over.
The starboard inlet
is blocked by boulders.
My team member. Nan. is on board.
He has explosives
but needs assistance for a safer exit.
Are there any experienced divers
on your vessel?
Captain. at this depth.
no one on this vessel
would be able to do it.
I have experience
with deep-sea operations.
I can go.
Requesting permission.
Be careful.
The interior and exterior
pressure error rate is 0.2%.
Adheres to safe exit conditions.
XO. our equipment can
only last 15 minutes at this depth.
Tong reporting.
Arrived at Compt 4. upper deck.
Qin. one at the exit ahead!
Tong!
Are you okay?
I'm fine.
Keep advancing!
Wolverine. where are you?
Compt 4.
We've tracked Miller down in Compt 8.
Everyone. prepare to evacuate.
Deputy Captain. the device is in Compt 8.
Han and I are on our way
from the lower deck.
Hurry! Move it!
They're closing in!
Ahead is the hatch of Compt 8!
Stop Miller from boarding the UCC!
The hatch gear teeth are jammed!
We can't leave now!
Hammer. grab the welder
and cut that hatch!
Tyson. enemies approaching
on the lower deck.
There's a route behind!
I will flank them!
Hammer. progress?
Almost there.
Hammer. we gotta leave.
Send the code to the Abyss later.
Hammer. hurry the fuck up!
The hatch is open! We're good to go!
Go!
-Get on board now!
-Copy that.
Proceed!
Grenade!
Help.
We have to stop them.
Help. help me.
Everybody retreat!
Explosion at the back of the sub.
Wolverine. we've evacuated via AFT UCC.
You use FORE UCC for extraction!
Qin. he's running away!
Go!
Qin. check their midget sub.
Copy that.
Everyone. back to our midget sub.
Deputy Captain.
the hatch can't hold much longer!
The submarine
is about to slide off the cliff!
Follow me.
Get in their sub.
Ding. Qiu. take him.
The hatch is still open. Get up there!
-Hurry up.
-Hurry.
-Hurry!
-Qiu. catch up quickly.
Careful.
The sub is in operation!
Disengage now!
We can't!
The docking port is stuck!
Hold on tight!
Everyone. hold on tight!
-Brace!
-Hold on!
-Hold on tight!
-Break away!
Tong. give me your hand!
Captain. bearing 078.
explosion detected.
Captain. an explosion was detected
from the wrecked submarine.
Meng. something is wrong
with the submarine.
You have to get back there.
I'll be there as soon
as the obstruction is cleared.
Are you okay?
The current is too strong.
Let me down now!
Section crew. how is the reactor?
Any update from XO Zhou?
Haven't heard from him yet.
Reactor's core temperature. 930 degrees.
Do you smell anything?
Could be a leak.
Inspect immediately.
An!
Electrical box in Compt 1
exploded and caught fire!
Captain. the fire will spread
to other compartments shortly.
Damage control alert.
Compt 1.
seal the compartment.
Yes. sir.
Compt 1. seal the compartment.
Reactor's core temperature. 950 degrees.
Attention. all crew.
The submarine is our unwavering spine.
We bear the trident
that secures our maritime realm.
Be bold. or you'll sink to the depths.
As we're here. the sub stays!
Everyone. keep it up
and reboot all systems!
-Yes. sir.
Are you okay?
My arm is broken.
Reactor's core temperature. 980 degrees.
Captain. the cooling pipe is fixed.
Captain. the fire in Compt 1
is under control.
Captain. XO Zhou and my team member
are on their way back.
12 calling 11.
12. this is 11.
Captain.
What's the situation?
The enemy escaped in a midget sub.
The submarine exploded
and sank to the seabed.
The deputy and the others
have not returned.
Han!
Han.
Breathe!
Breathe.
Hey!
Ding!
Ding. wake up!
Hurry.
We have to stop them.
Tong. help Qin stop the bleeding.
Copy that.
We need to hurry.
There's no time left.
Breathe.
Stop them from what?
Heading to the base
to activate the Stellar project.
What exactly is the Stellar project?
It's a nuclear weapon.
We have two nuclear bombs hidden
in the Sun and Moon bases.
And there are another eight
midsize nuclear bombs
buried in that volcanic area.
Is it Snow Chime Island?
No. not there.
Both bases are buried
deep beneath the waves.
Deputy Captain. the power is back up.
The coordinates are already in the system.
You can set the sub to auto-navigate.
We can't wait any longer.
Once the nuclear bomb is activated.
there will be only one hour left
until it explodes.
How is the communication system?
Not working.
The circuit board has burned out.
We can leave
the emergency beacon lights here.
Okay.
Everyone. bring the beacon lights here.
How do we stop the Stellar project?
12. I'm heading to the rear.
Copy that.
Ren. keep to the left.
I'm checking on the thruster's bottom.
Captain. the wreckage
has been thoroughly searched.
Nothing was found.
Ren. go around the mountain
and search again.
Captain. we found something
in the ten o'clock direction.
It's our beacon lights.
The deputy and the others are safe!
Deputy Captain.
we've found a portable communicator.
There might be parts available.
Deputy Captain. we've arrived!
Listen up.
We're splitting into teams.
Qiu. drop Ding and me at Moon Base.
Then transport Han.
Tong. and Qin to Sun Base.
Deputy Captain.
the comm system can still be repaired.
Repair it.
Yes. sir.
Initiating contact with Saturn.
Saturn has been activated. sir.
All right. recall the ROV.
We're heading to Jupiter.
Yes. sir.
Captain.
we have just received an acoustic signal.
Captain. the core has
recovered and is stable.
Captain. we've detected acoustic signals.
It's Morse code.
Captain. our sonar intercepted
a message in Morse code.
It's from the deputy.
AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ONLY
Attention. everyone.
Jiaolong just sent a message.
They discovered an enemy underwater base.
The enemy's plan. Project Stellar.
is to deploy two large nuclear bombs
into the seabed at the base
and simultaneously detonate them.
causing the crust to fracture.
Then the submarine will detonate
eight midsize nuclear bombs
positioned near the volcanic belt
to activate the lava belt
to trigger giant earthquakes and tsunamis.
The aim is to mimic a natural disaster.
threatening the peace and safety
in the Asia-Pacific.
and cause significant damage
to our homeland.
It will result in countless casualties.
The Phantom is now activating
the midsize nuclear bombs.
We must stop it.
Captain.
we have no choice.
Give the order.
Compt 1. requesting battle.
Compt 4. requesting battle.
Compt 6. requesting battle.
Captain.
my life has long been
entrusted to the flag.
Together as one.
One team. one fight.
That's what it means to be a submariner!
Captain. I will follow your command!
-Together as one!
-One team. one fight!
-I am a submariner!
Leave the seabed.
Activate the superconducting
magnetic fluid.
Ahead 3. set course 020.
to the volcanic area.
-Yes. sir.
Clear.
Ding.
according to Miller.
the nuclear bomb is at the end
of the base. behind a blast door.
To prevent detonation.
we must intercept them
before they reach
the nuclear launch pad in Phase 1.
Once Phase 2 is triggered.
our only option
is to locate their technician
to forcibly terminate the detonation.
Flank them from both sides.
Hold your position here.
Keep an eye on the base control room.
I will use the secret passage
that Miller mentioned
to approach the laser energy control room.
We must prevent them
from heading to the launch pad.
The Sun is in Phase 1. the charging phase.
Admiral. initiating charging procedure
on my end.
Attention.
Phase 1 energy charging initiated.
Tong. status?
The secret passage is blocked.
We're removing obstacles.
Copy.
Admiral. the Abyss has intercepted
a Morse code with the asteroid's location.
They're heading to the target sub now.
Admiral. the intruders are here.
Check the cabins.
Contact Moon Base.
Let them know right away.
Sweep the target area.
Two on the right. Three to the staircase.
Tong. Qin. there's a situation.
There are five heading towards you.
Deputy Captain. the enemy is
approaching in my direction.
Ding. I might not
reach my position in time.
Shoot first if necessary.
Protect yourself.
Copy.
Roger that.
Level 2 clear. Searching Level 3.
Contact! Level 3. escape trunk.
Contact!
Breached our line!
Hold this position! Secure the room!
On me. Go!
There's one behind the control room!
Han. I'll take the right flank.
You pin down the left.
Copy.
Tong. help me
take down the two on the right.
I'll be there soon!
Damn it!
Qin. Tong. they have a robot dog.
Number 2 detected a submarine.
Bearing 040.
heading towards 020. speed 15 knots.
It has surpassed us.
Fire the SCT. Engage and neutralize!
Torpedo noise detected.
Bearing 235.
Fire the ATT!
The torpedo is moving fast.
High noise detected from the torpedo head.
It's a supercavitating torpedo!
It is moving too fast.
We might not catch up.
Interception failed!
Contact in 80 seconds!
Navigator.
report the nearest sea mount location.
Bearing 035. distance 5 cables.
Set course 035.
SCT homing signal detected.
Forty seconds until contact.
650 m from the sea mount.
550 m.
Thirty seconds!
-Ahead 6.
-Yes. sir.
It's too fast. We can't turn in time.
450 m.
Twenty seconds.
400 m.
-300 m.
-Ahead 3.
Full right rudder.
Activate the port side pump jet.
Superconducting magnetic fluid
overloaded and stopped running.
Switch to rim-drive propulsion.
Set course 330.
Navigate around the seamounts
to conceal our noise.
The target has entered
the mountain range. We've lost it.
Ahead 2. heading 135.
Get close to the mountains. Find them!
Aye. sir.
Captain. this is Qiu.
Are you guys all right?
Where are the others?
Deputy Captain and Ding are at Moon Base.
Qin. Tong. and Han
are with me at Sun Base.
Cabin.
stand by for action.
Charging completed. Please proceed
to launch pad to initiate Phase 2.
Deputy Captain. I'm in the control room.
Ding. I have yet to break through.
Keep your eyes
on the laser energy control room.
Do not let them reach the launch pad.
Go!
We need backup
in the laser energy control room!
Copy that.
Ding.
the robot dog
is approaching your location.
Admiral. we're headed
to the launch pad. Awaiting orders.
Han. I need backup!
Incendiary grenade!
I've got one cornered. On me!
Go!
The enemy's firepower is too strong!
We can't get out of here!
What happened to the dog? Hurry up!
Goddamnit!
Tong!
Tong. someone is heading your way!
She's in there. Let's go!
Hurry! Move!
Engage on my mark.
Ready!
-Go!
-Come on! Move!
Fuck! I'm hit!
Get back!
Goddamnit!
She's inside! Get inside.
Throw the incendiary grenade.
Tong!
You said eating candy will ward off pain.
Have one.
Take one. Ward off the pain.
Take one. now.
Throw another grenade!
Ling. get Tong out!
Han. Qin. what's your position?
We're in the middle corridor. lower deck.
Copy. On my way.
Copy.
Black on ammo.
Use mine. Here.
Finish them!
Go!
I've cleared a hole over here!
Move that shit now!
Wang!
Look after Wang first!
Attention.
Nuclear weapon detonation in 30 minutes.
Deputy Captain. what's your position?
I'm at the blast door.
I will neutralize the reactor substation.
There is an underground passage.
I'll cut through the floor to get in.
Help me take out the robot dog.
Find the operating terminal
and bring it back to the Longjing
to stop the midsize nuclear bombs.
Ding. cover me.
The Phantom is approaching
from either side of the sea mount.
We'll take our chances.
Cao. prepare active sonar.
Using active sonar will expose us.
What's your plan?
We exit from the left side of the ravine.
then launch active sonar detection.
But we can't predict
which side they will come from.
It doesn't matter.
The enemy will launch SCT.
The corner radius is too large.
It will force SCT to bypass the sea mount
and approach our rear.
We will dive
and use the terrain to evade it.
then go through this arch
to escape quickly.
Attention. everyone.
We will take the initiative to attack.
We will fire two torpedoes.
front as a feint. rear as a strike.
The SCTs are loud.
We must wait until it's close enough
to mask our launch noise
and confuse their count of our torpedoes.
This will be a near-distance engagement.
Everything will happen
in the blink of an eye.
Success or failure
is up to you all.
100 m left to the peak.
We've crossed the ravine.
Launch the active sonar.
Yes. sir.
They are pinging on us.
Target bearing 320.
Ready second SCT. Get us out of range.
Enemy submarine found!
Bearing 140.
Target launched an SCT.
SCT is bypassing the sea mount.
SCT is turning towards our rear!
Contact in 40 seconds!
Report on SCT noise level.
It hasn't reached the target.
Contact in 30 seconds.
ENEMY TORPEDO SONAR 105
SCT has masked the emission noise.
Launch the active sonar again.
Yes. sir.
Target bearing 125.
The enemy bearing 025.
Torpedo. Fire.
Torpedo incoming! Bearing 255!
Ahead 6. Down bubble 15 degrees.
SCT has passed by the target. bearing 235!
Ready the ATT.
-ATT ready. sir.
-Fire!
The target fired a torpedo.
It's an ATT.
It will make contact
with our torpedo in 30 seconds.
SCT is turning.
SCT will hit us in 50 seconds.
SCT has locked onto our sub.
The ATT will make contact
with our torpedo in 15 seconds.
The ATT will make contact in ten seconds.
Rear torpedo. speed up.
There is another torpedo hiding behind!
Front torpedo intercepted by ATT.
Rear torpedo contacts in 30 seconds.
Fire the shockwave torpedoes!
It's too close! Too dangerous!
Full right rudder!
Port emergency maneuver now!
Aye. sir!
SCT contact in 15 seconds.
Superconducting magnetic torpedo hits
in 20 seconds.
Captain. it's too late!
Detonate the torpedo!
Sir. the anti-sonar system is down!
TARGET 026. COMPOSITE 1
Target found! Bearing 061.
Down bubble 10 degrees.
dive to 580 m. travel through the cave.
SCT contact in ten seconds.
560 m.
-Five seconds.
-570 m.
Four seconds!
ENEMY TORPEDO
Three seconds!
Target maintains its position.
Compt 1. fire the torpedo!
Torpedo incoming! Bearing 239.
Heading 132. dive to 1900.
Release the self-propelled decoy!
Aye. sir!
TARGET 026. COMPOSITE 1
Picking up two torpedo noise signals.
Target 1. bearing 082.
Target 2. bearing 085.
Target is fleeing
to the dense volcanic zone.
It's seeking cover with the volcanic noise.
We must sink it before it enters.
or else we may never find it!
Cao.
which do we hit?
Thirty seconds left!
Cao. give me an answer.
Don't rush me!
Trust me.
Twenty seconds left!
Target 2 is the submarine!
Strike Target 2!
Yes. sir!
The enemy launched defensive weapons!
Li. beware of the shock waves.
Li. focus!
Torpedo inbound!
Target hit!
The submarine is disintegrating!
We won!
We hit it!
We got them!
Cao.
you've got guts.
Good work!
Thank you. Captain.
Navigator. navigate to the nearest
midsize nuclear bomb.
-Yes. sir.
Good job!
Hold on. Ding!
We must hit its eye!
This is our only chance!
-Copy that.
-Wang!
Luo. get the operating terminal.
Ding. follow me.
Sun Phase 2 initiated.
Laser ignition system activated.
Captain. I'm proceeding
to retrieve the operating terminal.
I'll rush in to distract it.
If you go. I go.
Warning. Detonation in T minus 15 minutes.
Captain. we need to
capture the technician.
He knows how to abort the detonation.
Let's go!
They're here.
Tyson. no guns.
-Copy that.
-Go.
Han. go right to reach the launch pad.
Ding. don't wait for me. Blow it up!
Wake up!
Are you okay?
You good?
All good!
The ignition process has begun.
We have to leave.
Missile compartment closing.
Evacuate immediately.
All personnel evacuate immediately.
Han!
The gate has closed.
Captain.
Xu. did you retrieve
the operating terminal?
I've got it.
Qin and I have both got it.
Qin. how is Tong?
Tong
couldn't be saved.
Hurry up and take Tong
and the terminal device
and send them back to the Longjing
to stop the midsize bomb explosion.
Captain.
their technician said
that there's only one way
to reopen the gate.
The laser detonation device
for the nuclear bombs
is still in the process of activation.
Destroying the cooling tank
can cause the device
to overheat and explode
and stop the activation.
However.
if the laser were to scatter.
you guys would be in grave danger.
and the base's self-destructive system
would be activated.
Captain. we will wait for you two to leave.
Don't forget we are all on duty.
Captain.
Retreat now.
That's an order.
Everyone. follow the order.
Go to the launch pad.
I'll tell you what to do.
Do you copy?
Go.
Move now.
At the launch pad's center.
you'll see the nitrogen coolant
control system.
Increase the pressure to the maximum.
It will destroy the cooling tank.
Captain. everyone is out.
I'll bring the midget sub over
and wait for you until the last second.
Xu.
Don't you understand what I'm saying?
You can deal with me when you're back.
Warning. System override.
Detonation aborted.
Danger.
Attention. Laser ignition failure.
Nuclear weapon activation terminated.
Emergency.
Command self-destruct system activated
in ten minutes.
Evac. Evac.
Repeat. evac.
What do you want to be when you grow up?
Me?
I want to join the army.
Uniforms and rifles are cool.
What kind of soldier?
I want to be the toughest.
Then I'll follow you
and be the toughest soldier too.
Please line up for an examination!
JOINT LOGISTICS SUPPORT TEAM
Comrade Chief of Staff.
Captain of the Longjing reporting.
Our sub entered Phlegethon's Waters
active volcanic area
and brought down a Hunter Class submarine.
The Jiaolong Commando Unit
destroyed the underwater base
of the State of Siekerman.
They thwarted the enemy's Project Stellar.
The damage to our submarine
includes the superconducting MHD
propulsion system.
the torpedo loading system.
and four other systems.
Our sub was struck.
resulting in 14 critical breaches.
Thirty-eight people were lightly injured.
and ten were seriously injured.
Jiaolong's Tongli died in the line of duty.
Over.
Chief.
we have paid such a heavy price.
I have to take the responsibility.
Zhao.
we both know
that every mission
and every dive
carries a risk.
We take risks
so that we don't let our country
and our people down.
We've destroyed the enemy's scheme
and achieved victory.
Everyone on the Longjing
is a hero.